Rung.
Tan.
Yes, Rung?
The woman named Rarin.
Stay away from her.
She's the one who made me
lose the will to live.
What do you mean?
- Why is Rarin...
- She plagiarized my work.
Plagiarized?
But you and Rarin just met.
I remember
that the collection I was working on
was stolen by a brand called Rarin.
And everything was identical.
But
there's a chance that an idea
can coincidentally be the same.
Even my signature rainbow pattern
was identical.
How is that possible
if she didn't plagiarize my work?
Rung,
calm down.
You have to believe me.
Believe me.
Okay, Rung. I believe you.
But you have to rest now.
You have to believe me.
Tan.
Tan, it's time to get ready
for your scene.
Okay.
I don't think
it's going to work between us.
Do you understand?
I understand.
Cut!
Everyone,
it's a wrap!
Thank you.
Why is it so difficult
for you to start a rumor
about a guy?
I did everything you asked.
But the news about Tanthai's
sister regaining consciousness
buried all the news about me.
So?
You can just go visit his sister
at the hospital.
Simple.
Or go and see her at home.
Be friendly
and seduce him.
It will blow up eventually.
But I've tried my best
in my own way.
And I don't want to cause
any trouble for Tanthai.
Trouble?
You're the one who's going
to be in trouble.
Don't forget
that I'm holding on to
one of your secrets.
I don't care what you're
going to do to him.
But it has to be
the talk of the town.
When it's time for us
to promote the movie,
you have to do whatever you can
to attract the most attention
from the press.
Do you understand?
I do.
I guarantee
that it's going to be
the talk of the town.
You've always wondered, haven't you?
About your collection
that looks like Rung's?
Do you think
that Tanthai's never seen
that sketchbook?
Are you okay, Rin?
I'm okay.
I was being clumsy.
We should clean up your wound.
It's a small wound. I'm fine.
Rin, Tanthai is here to see you.
Are you busy?
There's something
I need your help with.
I understand how you feel.
It must be very uncomfortable.
I'm sorry
for treating your outfit badly.
But it was one of the things that
my manager told me to do.
I understand.
But
are you sure you're
going to do this?
Because it might affect your movie.
I'm sure.
I've made my decision.
If you're sure,
then I'll do my best to help you.
Da, the measuring tape, please.
Here you are.
I have to take your measurements.
I'll start with...
Just a second, Prim.
I'll show you some examples.
Tan, what are you doing in here?
I saw you taking measurements.
So I didn't want to be in the way.
You're clever to come up
with this plan.
It wasn't my plan.
It was Primrose who had the courage
to come and see you.
If we're going to make
this plan work,
we need someone's help.
As for you,
have you thought of having a family?
Please.
What do you want? Why did you
send people to find me?
I'm going to let you come back
and stay at home.
I'll return you the condo,
the car,
the credit card,
and your position at the company.
Just be direct, Dad.
Praew already told you.
You have to get married.
Again.
This again.
Why is it so important to you?
I don't understand!
Porsch,
you really want to ruin my family,
don't you?
You can't see
that this is
about business, can you?
How many times have I told you
that true love
comes with a high price?
No matter how much
you devote yourself,
there's no way you're going
to get what you put in.
Are you okay, Dad?
Get his medication!
No need.
Wait in your room.
And don't go anywhere
until I say so.
This way, please.
What's up, Rin?
Porsch,
I need your help.
I've talked to Porsch.
He's agreed to help.
And he said he'll handle everything.
Okay.
It's good if things
are falling into place.
By the way, how's Rung doing?
She's getting better.
As good as she can be.
She's starting to remember
some things.
Does the nurse named Sao
still work for her?
Mmm.
Why?
Well,
- Sao, she...
- Rin,
Primrose wants to discuss
more details about the outfit.
Okay.
You should get back to work.
Here they are.
Here.
These are magazines
that featured Tan.
As for the rest, you have to
look it up online.
- Thank you very much.
- Mmm.
You're starting to be able to move
and do things on your own.
You'll have to practice
walking next.
Mmm. I'll try.
Rung,
do you still remember about us?
I never
forgot about you.
By the way,
I can't believe that it's Tan
when I read the interview.
- His thoughts have matured.
- Hmpf.
I don't think so.
He's still very childish about
certain things. What a headache.
He's got a nickname in the business.
It's "scarecrow."
They say he's really
difficult to handle.
He stirs up a scandal every day.
My head is about to explode.
He's that bad?
Mmm. That bad.
But lately, he's improved
since he signed up to be
the muse for Rarin's brand.
Tan's probably
trying to be the prince
like the brand wants him to be.
I have to thank Rarin
for helping Tan.
That's just the way it is.
It's the power of love.
You're not going to live long
drinking like that.
I told you to stay in your room.
You were very mischievous
when you were younger.
I still remember
the day you pretended
to run away from home.
Your mom was so worried.
She summoned hundreds
of people to look for you.
In the end,
you told everyone
that you were hiding in the closet
for the whole day.
I've caused so much trouble.
And you remember everything?
I do
if it's about you.
I miss Mom.
Our family was able
to become wealthy
because of our
international business.
It was for your mom,
your sister,
and you.
So that all of you can live happily.
There's never been a day
that I didn't work.
Sometimes
I had to force myself
to do something
so that it would be a success.
Love is unconditional.
There's no profit.
Just like the love
I have for our family.
This marriage
is related to the future
of our family's business.
You said you were going
to return me everything.
Were you being truthful?
Whoa.
It's so beautiful.
Right?
I got the inspiration from the day
we went on a stroll after the rain.
So the theme is
the sky after the rain.
The top part of the outfit
looks masculine.
So I revealed one of the shoulders.
As for the bottom,
it's a skirt
and it's my signature.
The rainbow.
A bare-shouldered masculine top
and a rainbow skirt.
I don't really understand.
Oh, you.
Rung!
Thank you very much, Tan.
Rung's idea is really great.
Tan,
please have some breakfast.
I prepared it for you.
Where's Mind?
She went out to buy something.
Sao's been here since morning.
She volunteered to cook
so you could eat
once you came downstairs.
Thank you.
You didn't have to.
It's fine.
I wanted to cook for you anyway.
I'll feed her myself today.
Well, then. I'll excuse myself.
How is it going
between you
and that woman?
I don't really know.
I haven't talked to her much.
But there definitely are a lot
of things that look similar.
So that means you don't believe me.
If someday
you had to choose
between me and Rarin,
who are you going to choose?
I'd probably couldn't choose.
Rung,
there's one thing
I have to tell you.
It's about me
and Rarin.
You don't have to believe me
because it's quite unbelievable.
Are you telling me
that Rarin got her ideas from me
because
you can talk to each other
through the rain?
That's right.
I don't know how to feel.
Rung, I'm not trying
to make excuses.
- Because it's partially my fault.
- Leave.
But Rung...
I want to think about
something alone.
- Rung...
- Can you leave me alone for now?
I want to ask you about Sao.
Sao?
You could've just called me.
We didn't have to meet out here.
It's okay.
I wanted to see you
in person anyway.
So about the nurse named Sao,
when did she start
taking care of Rung?
Around two years ago.
She specializes in
bedridden patients.
There's never been a problem.
So we hired her long term.
Is there anything going on?
Why are you asking?
Well, I want you to keep
an eye on her.
I don't really trust her.
Are you overthinking it?
- Sao is...
- I'm being serious.
I'm sorry, Tan.
I'm sorry.
Tan, I brought you coffee.
I wanted to apologize for
what happened just now.
What are you thinking about?
I want to be able to hear it too.
Tan?
Tan, can you hear me?
I just want to talk to you.
Awesome!
You're funny.
I'll be right back.
Rin, I've taken care of
what you asked.
Thank you very much, Porsch.
So you've made up with your family?
Mmm. It's okay now.
I'm sorry it's sudden. I haven't
even given you an explanation.
Mmm.
It's good that you're home.
Now, behave so that
you don't get kicked out again.
Why? I want to stay with you.
Greetings, everyone. I'm Thierry.
I'm going to be your host tonight.
First of all,
let's give a round of applause
to the cast and crew of "The Basic",
who were able to finish
filming on time.
It has started. Don't you have
to make a speech up there?
Let's see how romantic...
- A little.
- Tanthai and Primrose are.
Come on.
Tan,
have you been feeling okay lately?
How come I haven't been able
to get a hold of you?
It's nothing.
I've been busy taking care of Rung.
There are a lot of reporters
here today.
See, Prim?
You can do it if you want to.
It wasn't me who was able
to attract this much attention.
Anyway,
it's good enough.
I'll see you tonight
after the event.
- Oh, hello.
- Hello.
You look so handsome.
I'm going to get a drink.
Okay.
- Hello, Aek.
- Hello.
- Can I get an interview with you?
- Hello. Of course.
Do you think you're going
to reach 100 million?
100 million?
I never really thought about it.
But it would great if we did.
How does it feel working
with the two lead actors?
It's good.
They've improved,
and they tried hard
- to do their best.
- It wouldn't have been successful
if it wasn't
for this important person.
Please welcome
the executive producer,
Porsch,
Mr. Patchara Kriangkraisakun,
the CEO of UF Group Co., Ltd.
Please give him a hand.
Thank you.
Hello, everyone.
Thank you everyone
for joining us tonight.
I have to thank all of
the cast and crew.
But there's one person who deserves
a special thank you.
Apart from her beauty and talent,
I believe she can be an inspiration
to many others.
I'd like you to give
a round of applause
to Primrose.
Hello, everyone.
There are many people
I'd like to thank tonight.
I'll begin with the cast and crew
for sticking together
for months on end.
Thank you, Tanthai.
Apart from being the hero on screen,
he was also the hero in real life
who has given me strength.
Thank you, Rarin,
for my beautiful outfit tonight.
Do you think it's beautiful?
- It is!
Of course.
Every woman
wants to be beautiful,
to be complimented,
and to be loved
like this rose.
No matter how many
sharp thorns it has,
there are people
who want to pluck them out.
This rose
is like myself.
It got plucked at repeatedly
to the point it was bruised
by a filthy man.
Who is it?
You think
there are a lot of scars
on my outfit, don't you?
Countless scars, right?
Even though I can't fix the past,
I'm going to live my own life
from now on.
Thank you very much, Aek.
Aek?
As the director,
you've taught me many things,
including telling me
how my life is worth
more than I thought.
Whoa!
Why is he doing that?
It's Aek!
What is going on?
I'll see you tonight
after the event.
What's the truth?
You're a famous director.
Why did you do that?
- Please give us an answer.
- Please answer.
Is there something we don't know?
- Why did you do that?
- Please answer.
Please don't go yet.
How could you do that? Is it true?
Aek!
Thank you, everyone.
There's no need to thank us.
I didn't do much.
You're the one who
deserves the credit.
I have a lot of respect for you.
What are you going
to do tomorrow, Prim?
The reporters are going to
be all over you.
I've prepared myself mentally.
Keep fighting.
I have to excuse myself now.
I'll give you a lift.
Thanks for driving me home.
It's nothing.
You've helped me a lot.
I actually have to thank you.
That's true.
You're going to be the heir
to the throne again.
You probably won't need me anymore.
It's me who has to rely on you.
Mind,
I have to keep my promise to Dad.
I have to get married.
Geez,
when you pestered Rarin
with proposals,
you didn't even have to
get married back then.
Now it's so soon.
I wish you a happy family life.
Hurry back home. It's about to rain.
Oh, why did you pull over here?
Are you going home tonight?
I probably won't
go upstairs with you.
Tan,
is something wrong?
Rin,
I know about everything now.
About you
and Rung.
You got the inspiration
for the outfit from Rung.
No.
From me?
It's not true.
I didn't mean to.
I know.
It's because of the power.
But that makes me
hate myself even more.
No, Tan.
I didn't want it
to turn out this way.
You should go up to your condo.
I'll get you an umbrella.
I just don't want to talk
to you right now.
Tan!
Tan, I'm sorry!
I didn't know it was Rung's idea!
It's my fault
for relying on your voice!
I didn't know this would happen!
- You should go now!
- Tan!
- Tan.
- It's funny
we can hear each other's voices.
But you were able to lie to me
for so long.
- I hate...
- I love you.
I hate everything
that's caused this to happen!
But I can't hate you!
If I could do it,
things would be easier!
Do you want to know
why I hated this voice
when we first met?
Prince?
I told you to stop calling me that.
Do you have some time?
I'd like you to hear my idea.
Alright.
But only for a little bit.
Mmm!
I'm going to start now.
My concept
is climate change.
I'm going to express it through...
(Rung 12 missed calls)
Rung?
Rung, what are you doing?
Wake up! Rung!
Rung!
Rung, wake up!
That day when Rung
decided to end her life
while I was away
was because of that stupid power!
Do you know
I almost liked that stupid voice?
If that day Rung hadn't...
I really hate it!
I hate it! I hate it! I hate it!
I don't want to hear
your voice anymore!
Love me.
Be obsessed with me.
- Love me.
- I trusted you.
And what are you doing in my house?
If you're going to love Tan,
I want you to love him sincerely.
I'm about to marry the woman
my dad chose for me.
Sao is a stalker.
This is huge.
It might be safer
if you stay with Rin.
How come you're here?